# Overview 

This folders contains PDF files of various reserach, philosophical, and Op-Ed writings I have completed throughout the years. Some were for academic classes, others were for personal curiosity. The following briefly describes each writing piece and its contents in no particular order:

- <big>**The Great Divide: Unifying Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity**</big> By exploring black holes, neutrinos, the Heisenburg Uncertainty Principle, the Information Paradox, and quantum operators, I examine the contradictions between General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics, explaining the significance of the problem, potential solutions, and next steps. 
- <big>**From Entanglement to Endgame: An Exploration of Quantum Mechanics and Its Media Misrepresentation**</big> In the cinematic universe, screenwriters often invoke quantum mechanics to scientifically explain a phenomena needed for the plot, regardless of its connection to the field. This essay analyzes the impact of misrepresentation, while covering key quantum mechanic principles, such as Bells Inequality Theorem, Wave-Particle Duality/Wavefunction, Superposition, and the Double-Slit Experiment 
- <big>**Are Humans Just Advanced Large Language Models?**</big> For the first time ever, the Turing test resulted in a majority of humans identifying ChatGPT as human. Instead of asking whether Artifical Intelligence resembles a human intelligence, in this speech I presented, I ask whether humans resemble LLMs, answering the question through pattern recognition, evolutionary pressures, reinforcement learning, and creativity evaluations.
- <big>**Cycles of Discontent**</big> At the time of writing in 2024, a wave of populism was sweeping the globe. It seems counterintutive, until psychological, environmental, cyclical historical trends, social media, and political game theory factors are analyzed. Through these lenses, explaining and understanding modern-day populism becomes clear. 
- <big>**The Inescapability of Culture**</big> A philosophical piece questioning whether culture and knowledge can be separated. Since mathematics and science are generally regarded to be the most objective areas of knowledge, I decided to analyze their scope (context) and methodolgy (how knowledge is acquired) to determine the full extent of their assumed impartiality, and expanded my conclusions to present comments on overall knowledge. 
- <big>**Op-Ed - The Supreme Court is Rotting**</big> In this Op-Ed, I investigate judicial integrity and the subsequent erosion of public trust in the United States Supreme Court by exposing the conduct of all 7 justices (as of 2024). I provide historical examples demonstrating the imperativeness of a reliable and trusted judicial branch, identify systematic failures in the US, and propose pragmatic reforms. 
- <big>**From Concept to Conquest: A Financial and Mangement Case Study of SpaceX**</big> I have always wondered what makes startups succesful and since aerospace is a primary industry of interest, I choose a company, SpaceX, and analyzed their capital-raising strategies, legal and organizational structure, innovation techniques, and financial planning and management. Additionally, I discussed common reasons for startup failures, and the transferability of SpaceX strategies to alternative industries.
- <big>**The Role of Perception in Acquiring and Producing Knowledge**</big> Another philosophical piece focusing on the acquisition and production of knowledge and whether either can ever truly be objective. The writing follows an exhibition format; I choose three concepts - a textbook, the Asch Conformity Experiment, and the Great Gatsby - and investigated the relationship between perception and knowledge for all three to reach a final, general conclusion.
